[#1905][FOLLOWUP] docs: Add documents after introducing XXX_JAVA_OPTS env var (#1933)
apache/incubator-uniffle: docs/dashboard_guide.md

coordinator.web.address http://coordinator.hostname:19998/
```

### Configure related JVM parameters

> you can add extra jvm arguments for shuffle server by specific `UNIFFLE_DASHBOARD_JAVA_OPTS` in `RSS_HOME/bin/rss-env.sh`
> Something like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add extra JVM arguments for the Uniffle dashboard by specifying `UNIFFLE_DASHBOARD_JAVA_OPTS` in `RSS_HOME/bin/rss-env.sh`
Example:
```
